I find interesting because or accessories
have instante
I like the tie because I like it
about it is that this can look whole
change
this is now my luka button close
measure you in the eighties
in the back
what can I call now in one
quite narrow
club bag around length important and
This is the classic for them
follow from behind behind and then
through
that i am creating now if it is a good one
look die der
in that it looks very different to me
yourself over
earth detail finds little can
boyish is around the back
just a little longer than the front
personal thingy detail and there is also
another way to decorate your neck
and there these two gentlemen know
look my many more of the names
when it comes to us above all is the
details it and you start bowtie as follows
the right side of the boat from its
long side one causes the
left hand side
approximately at the end where the
final snare for being there
that length is then you do
the right hand over the left over, therefore, the
by and let you judge you
shoulder
you let him rest then comes
now the first strictly
forth you keep your finger in the
center of the knot and make yourself with you
finger now make a gap between where you
him beaten with over it
then grab it
loose loose base that rotates
you take it there and it will arrive
forth, then this is actually
the most important part of the van
stick out a boat
is actually whether you release it or fix it and you
so you can fix it by the
right front flap in the left
grab the rear flame and put it on
and pull it to anybody else for that
pull you back to nice again
eventually if you get a little good
recipe you have
buddha but what is important now
to form that snare and that is
actually for yourself how you how it you
with the nicest finds
well they bowtie good to take off your outfit
but what is also great to do
for example, a pocket square and ours
is mine is common in this case
the farmers would do but I would a
way to do it